The door behind them opened again, and a large group of people came in:	       
Professor Dumbledore, followed closely by Mr. Crouch, Professor Karkaroff, Madame
Maxime, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Snape. Harry heard the buzzing of the
hundreds of students on the other side of the wall, before Professor McGonagall closed
the door.    	     	  	       	     	     	      	      
"Madame Maxime!" said Fleur at once, striding over to her headmistress. "Zey
are saying zat zis little boy is to compete also!"	  		       
Somewhere under Harry's numb disbelief he felt a ripple of anger. Little boy?
Madame Maxime had drawn herself up to her full, and considerable, height. The
top of her handsome head brushed the candle-filled chandelier, and her gigantic blacksatin bosom swelled.
"What is ze meaning of zis, Dumbly-dorr?" she said imperiously. "I'd rather like
to know that myself, Dumbledore," said Professor Karkaroff. He was wearing a steely
smile, and his blue eyes were like chips of ice. "Two Hogwarts champions? I don't
remember anyone telling me the host school is allowed two champions - or have I not
read the rules carefully enough?"   	  	       	     	     	     
He gave a short and nasty laugh.    	   	  	    	     	   
"C'est impossible," said Madame Maxime, whose enormous hand with its many    
superb opals was resting upon Fleur's shoulder. "Ogwarts cannot 'ave two champions. It
is most injust."	 	      	  	      	 	   
"We were under the impression that your Age Line would keep out younger	       
contestants, Dumbledore," said Karkaroff, his steely smile still in place, though his eyes
were colder than ever. "Otherwise, we would, of course, have brought along a wider
selection of candidates from our own schools."	  	 	   	    
"It's no one's fault but Potter's, Karkaroff," said Snape softly. His black eyes were
alight with malice. "Don't go blaming Dumbledore for Potter's determination to break
rules. He has been crossing lines ever since he arrived here -"     	     
"Thank you, Severus," said Dumbledore firmly, and Snape went quiet, though his
eyes still glinted malevolently through his curtain of greasy black hair.  
Professor Dumbledore was now looking down at Harry, who looked right back at 
him, trying to discern the expression of the eyes behind the half-moon spectacles.
"Did you put your name into the Goblet of Fire, Harry?" he asked calmly.    
     	    	   	 	      	 	       	 	   	  
	   		     		       	 	  	   	   
	      	    	      		      	   	  	  	       
 		 	  	      	  	 	  	   
	   	      		
